Provider blog post (#81)
open-feature/docs.openfeature.dev: docs/tutorials/creating-a-provider-for-the-go-sdk.mdx

	if !ok {
		return "", ReasonError, nil, errors.New(ErrorParse)
	}
	return f.DefaultVariant, ReasonStatic, defaultVariant.Value, nil
}
```
The above function demonstrates how this basic evaluator will work in this example, of course in other providers these can be far more complex, and the logic does not need to sit within the application.  
This JSON evaluator can then be paired with a simple function for reading and parsing the `StoredFlag` values from environment variables (as seen in the example below), leaving only the integration with the `golang-sdk` to go. (and some testing!)  
```go
func FetchStoredFlag(key string) (StoredFlag, error) {
	v := StoredFlag{}
	if val := os.Getenv(key); val != "" {
		if err := json.Unmarshal([]byte(val), &v); err != nil {
			return v, errors.New(ErrorParse)
		}
		return v, nil
	}
	return v, errors.New(ErrorFlagNotFound)
}
``` 

## Creating a Compliant Provider  

### Repository Setup  
`Providers` written for the [`golang-sdk`](https://github.com/open-feature/golang-sdk) are all maintained in the [`golang-sdk-contrib`](https://github.com/open-feature/golang-sdk-contrib.git) repository, containing both `hooks` and `providers`.  

> The following commands can be used to setup the `golang-sdk-conrib` repository, they will clone the repository and set up your provider specific go module under `/providers/MY-NEW-PROVIDER-NAME` adding a `go.mod` and `README.md` file. Your module will them be referenced in the top level `go.work` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands can be used to setup the `golang-sdk-contrib` repository, they will clone the repository and set up your provider specific go module under `/providers/MY-NEW-PROVIDER-NAME` adding a `go.mod` and `README.md` file. Your module will then be referenced in the top level `go.work` file.
```

```
git clone https://github.com/open-feature/golang-sdk-contrib.git
cd golang-sdk-contrib
make PROVIDER=MY-NEW-PROVIDER-NAME new-provider
make workspace-init
```

### Creating Your Provider

> In order for your feature flag `Provider` to be compatible with the OpenFeature `golang-sdk` , it will need to comply with the OpenFeature spec. For the `golang-sdk` this means that it will need to fit to the following interface":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for your feature flag `Provider` to be compatible with the OpenFeature `golang-sdk` , it will need to comply with the OpenFeature spec. For the `golang-sdk` this means that it will need to fit to the following interface:
```
